Add troubleshooting info on eak stores import failure (#2106)
digitalfabrik/entitlementcard: docs/troubleshooting.md

5) Check available debian package versions: `ll -trh /srv/local-apt-repository`
6) Check if latest database migration was applied: `sudo -u backend psql entitlementcard` then `SELECT * from migrations;`
7) Create admin/store manager accounts: `sudo -u backend /opt/ehrenamtskarte/backend/bin/backend create-admin <command>`. You can find example in [runConfigs](../.idea/runConfigurations)
8) Check if webhook for the debian package installation worked: `journalctl -x --since "48 hours ago" | grep webhook` and find info about the debian package installation: `vim /var/log/apt/history.log`

### Import EAK accepting stores

> Import of EAK accepting stores on prod and staging envs run on **every odd day** of the month.

Reviewer: 🙃 sorry for the nit-picking i would like to avoid shortcuts as much as possible in documentation. Personal preference
```suggestion
Import of EAK accepting stores on production and staging environments run on **every odd day** of the month.
```

Author: Ok, I'll adjust that

:white_check_mark: When the job completes successfully, the following log entries can be found in the system log:

```
root@entitlementcard-test ~ # grep eak-update-data /var/log/syslog
2025-04-21T02:00:01.943911+00:00 entitlementcard-test.tuerantuer.org CRON[2514930]: (backend) CMD (/usr/local/bin/eak-update-data)
2025-04-21T02:06:41.365867+00:00 entitlementcard-test.tuerantuer.org eak-update-data: Successfully imported EAK data
```

:x: If the job fails, a notification is sent to the @entitlementcard-cert channel:

`[entitlementcard-test.tuerantuer.org] ERROR eak-update-data at Wed Apr 9 04:14:19 PM UTC 2025`

The output of the job is not saved.
In case of failure the import can be restarted manually:

```

> root@entitlementcard-test ~ # su - backend

Reviewer: 🙃 i think we can easily use a one liner here
`sudo -u backend /opt/ehrenamtskarte/backend/bin/backend import`
